2_publications.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Publications
description: Peer-reviewed articles, talks, and datasets
image: assets/images/page_publications.jpg
nav-menu: true
---

## Talks

### Internet of Things Search Engine - Communications of the ACM - July 2019

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mJNNagYmVbk" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Advancements under the moniker of the Internet of Things (IoT) allow things to network and become the primary producers of data in the Internet. IoT makes the state and interactions of real-world available to Web applications and information systems with minimal latency and complexity. By enabling massive telemetry and individual addressing of "things," the IoT offers three prominent benefits: spatial and temporal traceability of individual real-world objects for thief prevention, counterfeit product detection and food safety via accessing their pedigree; enabling ambient data collection and analytics for optimizing crop planning, enabling telemedicine and assisted living; and supporting real-time reactive systems such as smart building, automatic logistics and self-driving, networked cars. Realizing these benefits requires the ability to discover and resolve queries for contents in the IoT. In this video, Nguyen Khoi Tran discusses "Internet of Things Search Engine," a Review Article in the July 2019 Communications of the ACM.

### A Kernel-based Solution for Modular Web Sensor Retrieval System - October 2017

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WAtnBaqiHgg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Accompany video for the paper entitled "A Kernel-based Solution for Modular Web Sensor Retrieval System". Published in the International Conference on Web Information System Engineering (WISE). 

## Publications

### 2020

1. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, M. Ali Babar. "Anatomy, Concept, and Design Space of Blockchain Networks." In International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA), 2020

### 2019

1. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, M. Ali Babar, Quan Z. Sheng, and John Grundy. "A Framework for Internet of Things Search Engines Engineering." In 2019 26th Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference (APSEC), pp. 228-235. IEEE, 2019.
2. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, Quan Z. Sheng, M. Ali Babar, Lina Yao, Wei Emma Zhang, and Schahram Dustdar. "Internet of things search engine." Communications of the ACM 62, no. 7 (2019): 66-73.

### Prior

1. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, Quan Z. Sheng, Muhammad Ali Babar, and Lina Yao. “Searching the Web of Things: State of the Art, Challenges, and Solutions.” ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR) 50, no. 4 (2017): 55.
2. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, Quan Z. Sheng, M. Ali Babar, and Lina Yao. “A Kernel-Based Approach to Developing Adaptable and Reusable Sensor Retrieval Systems for the Web of Things.” In International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering, pp. 315-329. Springer, Cham, 2017.
3. Ruan, Wenjie, Quan Z. Sheng, Peipei Xu, Nguyen Khoi Tran, Nickolas JG Falkner, Xue Li, and Wei Emma Zhang. “Forecasting Seasonal Time Series Using Weighted Gradient RBF Network based Autoregressive Model.” In Proceedings of the 25th ACM International on Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, pp. 2021-2024. ACM, 2016.
4. Ruan, Wenjie, Peipei Xu, Quan Z. Sheng, Nguyen Khoi Tran, Nickolas JG Falkner, Xue Li, and Wei Emma Zhang. “When sensor meets tensor: filling missing sensor values through a tensor approach.” In Proceedings of the 25th ACM International on Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, pp. 2025-2028. ACM, 2016.
5. Yao, Lina, Boualem Benatallah, Xianzhi Wang, Nguyen Khoi Tran, and Qinghua Lu. “Context as a Service: Realizing Internet of Things-Aware Processes for the Independent Living of the Elderly.” In International Conference on Service-Oriented Computing, pp. 763-779. Springer International Publishing, 2016.
6. Ruan, Wenjie, Quan Z. Sheng, Lina Yao, Nguyen Khoi Tran, and Yu Chieh Yang. “PreventDark: Automatically detecting and preventing problematic use of smartphones in darkness.” In Pervasive Computing and Communication Workshops (PerCom Workshops), 2016 IEEE International Conference on, pp. 1-3. IEEE, 2016.
7. Nguyen, Hoang-Minh, Hong-Quang Nguyen, Khoi-Nguyen Tran, and Xuan-Vinh Vo. “GeTFIRST: ontology-based keyword search towards semantic disambiguation.” International Journal of Web Information Systems 11, no. 4 (2015): 442-467.
8. Vinh, Vo Xuan, Hong-Quang Nguyen, and Khoi-Nguyen Tran. “Get-based ontology construction for semantic disambiguation.” In Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications & Services, pp. 445-453. ACM, 2014.
9. Nguyen Khoi TRAN, and Hong-Quang Nguyen. “MobiPSE: A scenario-based mobile-application development for end-user developers.” International Journal of Pervasive Computing and Communications 10, no. 2 (2014): 153-167.
10. Nguyen Khoi TRAN, and Hong-Quang Nguyen. “SRE: A Scenario-based Requirement Exploration Process for End-user Mobile-Application Development.” In Proceedings of International Conference on Advances in Mobile Computing & Multimedia, p. 559. ACM, 2013.
11. Nguyen Khoi TRAN, and Hong-Quang Nguyen. “MobiPDA: A Systematic Approach to Mobile-Application Development.” In Computational Science and Its Applications–ICCSA 2013, pp. 232-247. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2013.

## Datasets

List of Research Articles related to Searching in the Web of Things: [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B9tW50x18ok1ZlFWaEtMX3A2X3c?usp=sharing).

Commit message:

Create a blog post on ICSA paper

2_publications.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Publications
description: Peer-reviewed articles, talks, and datasets
image: assets/images/page_publications.jpg
nav-menu: true
---

## Talks

### Anatomy, Concepts, and Design Space of Blockchain Networks - ICSA 2020 - March 2020

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/VP6535R2QvQ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Blockchain technologies have been increasingly adopted by enterprises to increase operational efficiency and enable new business models. These enterprise blockchain applications generally run on dedicated blockchain networks due to regulations and security requirements. The design process of these networks involves many decisions and trade-offs that impact security, governance, and performance of applications that run on them. The challenge is further exacerbated by the lack of a common architecture and concept map to communicate about blockchain networks, as blockchain technologies tend to use different concepts and architecture. This paper presents a concept map, an anatomy and the principal dimensions of the design space of blockchain networks. We applied the proposed design space in a case study about designing and deploying a blockchain network for an ad-hoc IoT infrastructure. We found that the design space brought structure to the design process and the analysis of design alternatives. The presented concept map, anatomy and design space are intended to help improve the blockchain network design practice and lay a foundation for future research on the design process and deployment automation of blockchain networks.

Nguyen Khoi Tran & M. Ali Babar - The University of Adelaide

### Internet of Things Search Engine - Communications of the ACM - July 2019

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mJNNagYmVbk" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Advancements under the moniker of the Internet of Things (IoT) allow things to network and become the primary producers of data in the Internet. IoT makes the state and interactions of real-world available to Web applications and information systems with minimal latency and complexity. By enabling massive telemetry and individual addressing of "things," the IoT offers three prominent benefits: spatial and temporal traceability of individual real-world objects for thief prevention, counterfeit product detection and food safety via accessing their pedigree; enabling ambient data collection and analytics for optimizing crop planning, enabling telemedicine and assisted living; and supporting real-time reactive systems such as smart building, automatic logistics and self-driving, networked cars. Realizing these benefits requires the ability to discover and resolve queries for contents in the IoT. In this video, Nguyen Khoi Tran discusses "Internet of Things Search Engine," a Review Article in the July 2019 Communications of the ACM.

### A Kernel-based Solution for Modular Web Sensor Retrieval System - October 2017

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WAtnBaqiHgg" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Accompany video for the paper entitled "A Kernel-based Solution for Modular Web Sensor Retrieval System". Published in the International Conference on Web Information System Engineering (WISE). 

## Publications

### 2020

1. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, M. Ali Babar. "Anatomy, Concept, and Design Space of Blockchain Networks." In International Conference on Software Architecture (ICSA), 2020

### 2019

1. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, M. Ali Babar, Quan Z. Sheng, and John Grundy. "A Framework for Internet of Things Search Engines Engineering." In 2019 26th Asia-Pacific Software Engineering Conference (APSEC), pp. 228-235. IEEE, 2019.
2. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, Quan Z. Sheng, M. Ali Babar, Lina Yao, Wei Emma Zhang, and Schahram Dustdar. "Internet of things search engine." Communications of the ACM 62, no. 7 (2019): 66-73.

### Prior

1. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, Quan Z. Sheng, Muhammad Ali Babar, and Lina Yao. “Searching the Web of Things: State of the Art, Challenges, and Solutions.” ACM Computing Surveys (CSUR) 50, no. 4 (2017): 55.
2. Tran, Nguyen Khoi, Quan Z. Sheng, M. Ali Babar, and Lina Yao. “A Kernel-Based Approach to Developing Adaptable and Reusable Sensor Retrieval Systems for the Web of Things.” In International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering, pp. 315-329. Springer, Cham, 2017.
3. Ruan, Wenjie, Quan Z. Sheng, Peipei Xu, Nguyen Khoi Tran, Nickolas JG Falkner, Xue Li, and Wei Emma Zhang. “Forecasting Seasonal Time Series Using Weighted Gradient RBF Network based Autoregressive Model.” In Proceedings of the 25th ACM International on Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, pp. 2021-2024. ACM, 2016.
4. Ruan, Wenjie, Peipei Xu, Quan Z. Sheng, Nguyen Khoi Tran, Nickolas JG Falkner, Xue Li, and Wei Emma Zhang. “When sensor meets tensor: filling missing sensor values through a tensor approach.” In Proceedings of the 25th ACM International on Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, pp. 2025-2028. ACM, 2016.
5. Yao, Lina, Boualem Benatallah, Xianzhi Wang, Nguyen Khoi Tran, and Qinghua Lu. “Context as a Service: Realizing Internet of Things-Aware Processes for the Independent Living of the Elderly.” In International Conference on Service-Oriented Computing, pp. 763-779. Springer International Publishing, 2016.
6. Ruan, Wenjie, Quan Z. Sheng, Lina Yao, Nguyen Khoi Tran, and Yu Chieh Yang. “PreventDark: Automatically detecting and preventing problematic use of smartphones in darkness.” In Pervasive Computing and Communication Workshops (PerCom Workshops), 2016 IEEE International Conference on, pp. 1-3. IEEE, 2016.
7. Nguyen, Hoang-Minh, Hong-Quang Nguyen, Khoi-Nguyen Tran, and Xuan-Vinh Vo. “GeTFIRST: ontology-based keyword search towards semantic disambiguation.” International Journal of Web Information Systems 11, no. 4 (2015): 442-467.
8. Vinh, Vo Xuan, Hong-Quang Nguyen, and Khoi-Nguyen Tran. “Get-based ontology construction for semantic disambiguation.” In Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Information Integration and Web-based Applications & Services, pp. 445-453. ACM, 2014.
9. Nguyen Khoi TRAN, and Hong-Quang Nguyen. “MobiPSE: A scenario-based mobile-application development for end-user developers.” International Journal of Pervasive Computing and Communications 10, no. 2 (2014): 153-167.
10. Nguyen Khoi TRAN, and Hong-Quang Nguyen. “SRE: A Scenario-based Requirement Exploration Process for End-user Mobile-Application Development.” In Proceedings of International Conference on Advances in Mobile Computing & Multimedia, p. 559. ACM, 2013.
11. Nguyen Khoi TRAN, and Hong-Quang Nguyen. “MobiPDA: A Systematic Approach to Mobile-Application Development.” In Computational Science and Its Applications–ICCSA 2013, pp. 232-247. Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 2013.

## Datasets

List of Research Articles related to Searching in the Web of Things: [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B9tW50x18ok1ZlFWaEtMX3A2X3c?usp=sharing).
